cleanup: spv-wallet toolkit documentation (#37)
bitcoin-sv/bsv-skills-center: network-topology/applications/spv-wallet/developer-docs/spv-wallet-js-client/README.md

# JS Client

## Table of contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [User / Wallet / Account creation](#user--wallet--account-creation)
* [Authentication](authentication.md)
* [Examples](https://github.com/bitcoin-sv/spv-wallet-js-client/tree/main/examples)

## Overview

This is TypeScript / JavaScript library used to communicate with SPV Wallet.

> It allows us to create an admin or normal user client and then call methods to work with transactions, xpubs, paymails and access keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows to create an admin or normal user client and then call methods to work with transactions, xpubs, paymails and access keys.
```

## Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm install @bsv/spv-wallet-js-client
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add @bsv/spv-wallet-js-client 
```

## User / Wallet / Account creation

> To create a new user (by some people also understand as creation of wallet or account), you need to register a new xPub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new user (which some may also interpret as creating a wallet or account), you need to register a new xPub.
```

> You can found example of how to do that [here](authentication.md#register-users-xpub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find example of how to do that [here](authentication.md#register-users-xpub).
```
